Allow optional defaults in required fields with manual triggered dags (#31301)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/core-concepts/params.rst

        },
    ):

.. note::

>     Schema validation on DAG definitions is only made is a schedule is defined. If a manual or external trigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Schema validation on DAG definitions is only made if a schedule is defined. If a manual or external trigger
```

        },
    ):

> .. note::
>     Schema validation on DAG definitions is only made if a schedule is defined. If a manual or external trigger
>     is defined (e.g. via ``schedule=None``) then params are validated during submission. This allows to enforce
>     undefined parameters being defined at trigger time.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::
    Schema validation on DAG definitions is only made if ``schedule`` is provided. If ``schedule=None`` then params are validated during submission. This allows to enforce
    undefined parameters being defined at trigger time.

```
the sentence `This allows to enforce undefined parameters being defined at trigger time.` remains confusing to me

Author: Sorry, the not native speaker english... thanks for the feedback. Tried to re-phrase a bit - better now?

        },
    ):

.. note::

>     If ``schedule`` is defined for a DAG params with defaults must be valid. This is validated during DAG parsing.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    If ``schedule`` is defined for a DAG, params with defaults must be valid. This is validated during DAG parsing.
```

>     If ``schedule=None`` then params are not validated while DAG is parsed but finally at trigger of DAG.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    If ``schedule=None`` then params are not validated during DAG parsing but before triggering a DAG.
```

  If you want to change values manually, the JSON configuration can be adjusted. Changes are overridden when form fields change.
- If you want to render custom HTML as form on top of the provided features, you can use the ``custom_html_form`` attribute.

.. note::

>     If the field is required you need to specify a valid default value as well. Exception is if DAG is defined with

Reviewer 2: what do you mean "_valid_ default"

Author: Sorry, the not native speaker english... thanks for the feedback. Tried to re-phrase a bit - better now?

>     ``schedule=None`` which enforces the user to provide a value in the form at time of submission.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ``schedule=None`` which forces the user to provide a value in the form at time of submission.
```
